we'll hello there everyone it is time to
play some raging last two again this
time I got a request from Emily richly
she wanted to see the classical najin
vegeta vs Super Saiyan - Goku fight
that's where we're gonna - today - dude
shit okay you're this job with Super
Saiyan - Goku since he's already in here
custom - ok I accidentally pressed Tina
fine it doesn't matter
Jason Morgan Vegeta come on you
cocksucker I'm here to blast your face
on rocky land let's get it on
I want to do something different for
Christmas so well you'll see I'll try to
make it to Christmas and my ass no it
won't we'll kick his ass come on go for
pieces smack me what am i doing
I've been playing think that's true
why the fuck come on Vegeta you could
have dodged it come on
steps he use his signature attack and
went into Spanish
up and then down
there goes your manhood stray to the
boasts okay
the old man no they know not the
ultimate but they're away from me oh can
you do a counter-attack rely that
there's no possible well sure
hahahaha intensity and he dies boom so
to finish yes Super Show me on there
that was surprisingly easy yes it him
alright let's change to Vegeta it sees
that Goku well it is true that Goku what
beat would be strong enough to beat
margin Vegeta
now we can see what how far will Avicii
to go to beat gook Joo yeah I have a
special thing for Christmas and I'm
doing all I can to finish it before
Christmas so I hope you can see it then
what what
what was that oh shut up talk to the
hand
you are new negative negative signature
eject are so cool in this game
teleport issues or shit no Goku no you
don't have to write to kick the Prince
of all assholes for what whereas rape oh
come on come on Turner attack what the
fuck is that it's supposed to be a
fucking counter-attack for neuro I get
my ass kicked some hmm yeah sure Goku
sure
yeah cocksucker oh hey if you didn't get
me okay go cool I don't give a shit
about how strong you are it's time to go
suicide bomber
what the hell is going on Oh God it's
your smell to the ground like yes I'm
doing
apparently her he had some fun blow
himself up well alright
like favorite subscribe do one of those
or don't do anything how would you like
it see you next time